Document throttling retry configuration for CosmosDB (#5577)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/cosmosdb/index.md

snippet: CosmosDBCustomClientProviderRegistration

> ## Provisioned throughput throttling

Reviewer: As an alternative, we could also use the term rate limiting instead of throttling. Don't know which is more common, though.

> When using provisioned throughput it is possible for the CosmosDB service to throttle usage, resulting in status code 429 throttling errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using provisioned throughput it is possible for the CosmosDB service to throttle usage, resulting request rate too large exceptions indicated by the 429 status code .
```

> When using provisioned throughput it is possible for the CosmosDB service to throttle usage, resulting request rate too large exceptions indicated by the 429 status code .

Author: ```suggestion
When using provisioned throughput it is possible for the CosmosDB service to rate limit usage, resulting request rate too large exceptions indicated by the 429 status code .
```

> WARN: When using the Cosmos DB persistence with Outbox enabled, throttling errors may result in handler re-execution and / or duplicate message dispatches depending on which operation is throttled.

Author: ```suggestion
WARN: When using the Cosmos DB persistence with Outbox enabled, rate limiting errors may result in handler re-execution and / or duplicate message dispatches depending on which operation is throttled.
```

> INFO: Microsoft provides [guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/sql/troubleshoot-request-rate-too-large) on how to diagnose and troubleshoot throttling exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
INFO: Microsoft provides [guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/sql/troubleshoot-request-rate-too-large) on how to diagnose and troubleshoot request too large exceptions.
```

> The Cosmos DB SDK provides a mechanism to automatically retry collection operations when throttling concerns. Besides changing the provisioned RUs, those settings can be adjusted to help prevent messages from failing during spikes in message volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cosmos DB SDK provides a mechanism to automatically retry collection operations when throttling occurs. Besides changing the provisioned RUs or switching to the serverless tier, those settings can be adjusted to help prevent messages from failing during spikes in message volume.
```

> The Cosmos DB SDK provides a mechanism to automatically retry collection operations when throttling occurs. Besides changing the provisioned RUs or switching to the serverless tier, those settings can be adjusted to help prevent messages from failing during spikes in message volume.

Author: ```suggestion
The Cosmos DB SDK provides a mechanism to automatically retry collection operations when rate-limiting occurs. Besides changing the provisioned RUs or switching to the serverless tier, those settings can be adjusted to help prevent messages from failing during spikes in message volume.
```
